README.md, before:

> This is a list of talks devoted to JavaScript

## Javascript
1. [Brendan Eich: **JavaScript in 2016: Beyond Harmony**](https://www.oreilly.com/ideas/brendan-eich-javascript-fluent-2016) [15:31] [_en_]
1. [Jared Forsyth: **Redux, Re-frame, Relay, Om/next, oh my**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jwQ3sGoiXg) [21:31] [_en_]
1. [Dan Abramov: **Live React: Hot Reloading with Time Travel**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsSnOQynTHs) [30:40] [_en_]
1. [Dan Abramov: **The Redux Journey**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvAXVMwHJXU) [26:56] [_en_]
1. [Ryan Dahl: **Introduction to Node.js**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_B4LTHi3I) [01:06:33] [_en_]
1. [Ju Gonçalves: **Reduce seu novo melhor amigo**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9mAnhNFKO4) [31:23] [_pt-BR_]
1. [James Halliday: **What you can build with a log**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPFjN1N148U) [33:56] [_en_]
1. [Sebastian McKenzie: **Making Javascript Initialize Faster**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbZzahWakGs) [6:43] [_en_]

## CSS
1. [Fernando Fleury: **PostCSS - Além dos pré-processadores**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWNzhKIa34w) [52:26] [_pt-BR_]


## GraphQL
1. [Steven Luscher: **Zero to GraphQL in 30 Minutes**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBGzsb2UkeY) [30:12] [_en_]

Commit message:

add High Performance in the Critical Rendering Path talk

README.md, after:

> This is a list of talks devoted to JavaScript

## Javascript
1. [Brendan Eich: **JavaScript in 2016: Beyond Harmony**](https://www.oreilly.com/ideas/brendan-eich-javascript-fluent-2016) [15:31] [_en_]
1. [Jared Forsyth: **Redux, Re-frame, Relay, Om/next, oh my**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jwQ3sGoiXg) [21:31] [_en_]
1. [Dan Abramov: **Live React: Hot Reloading with Time Travel**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsSnOQynTHs) [30:40] [_en_]
1. [Dan Abramov: **The Redux Journey**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvAXVMwHJXU) [26:56] [_en_]
1. [Ryan Dahl: **Introduction to Node.js**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_B4LTHi3I) [01:06:33] [_en_]
1. [Ju Gonçalves: **Reduce seu novo melhor amigo**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9mAnhNFKO4) [31:23] [_pt-BR_]
1. [James Halliday: **What you can build with a log**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPFjN1N148U) [33:56] [_en_]
1. [Sebastian McKenzie: **Making Javascript Initialize Faster**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbZzahWakGs) [6:43] [_en_]
1. [Nicolas Bevacqua: **High Performance in the Critical Rendering Path**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqA3jBpT6T0&t) [29:10]

## CSS
1. [Fernando Fleury: **PostCSS - Além dos pré-processadores**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWNzhKIa34w) [52:26] [_pt-BR_]


## GraphQL
1. [Steven Luscher: **Zero to GraphQL in 30 Minutes**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBGzsb2UkeY) [30:12] [_en_]
